TOWA: Soon after we were born,
Kirinmaru's sister Zero
placed the silver‐scale curse
on our mother Rin.
It's a fatal curse
that causes the victim's body
to rot away.
What's more, Zero bound
our mother's life to hers
by a thread of fate,
making it impossible
to kill one
without killing the other.
Since then, our mother
had been surviving
within the Tree of Ages,
using the Dream Butterfly
to receive Setsuna's sleep
and stall the progression
of the curse.
But when Sesshomaru
killed the butterfly,
time began
to move again for her.
To save our mother,
we must track down Zero
and sever
their shared thread of fate
before we can defeat her.
With the curse
progressing again,
there's no time to waste!
A Feudal Fairytale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
[Japanese music playing]
[birds chirping]
It's been two days now.
I wonder if she'll ever wake up.
‐ [breathing softly]
‐ She is catching up
on all the sleep she lost
because of the Dream Butterfly,
I guess.
‐ Towa, would you mind
coming outside for a moment?
‐ Sure.
Setsuna, I'll be back
in a little bit,
so sweet dreams, okay?
[sighs]
‐ [breathes softly]
‐ Word is that something's
been ravaging the fields
in the next village over.
People are saying
it might be the work
of an apparition or worse.
‐ Got it. I'll check it out.
TOWA: "Hisui the Demon Slayer."
‐ [moans]
‐ Aha! So you're finally awake!
‐ [grunts] Princess Aiya,
what are you‐‐
And where...
‐ I had you carried
to my father's mansion.
‐ [grunts]
What have you got me in?!
‐ Oh, I think you look
real nice in that. Take a look.
‐ In a kimono?! Ridiculous!
‐ Shh!
Don't make a fuss.
‐ Give me back my clothes! Now!
‐ Wait!
[crying] Please...
won't you at least listen
to what I have to say?
[crying]
‐ [sighs]
What? You want me
to take your lessons for you?
‐ Luckily,
not only are you and I
just about
the same age and height,
but the nun who's coming here
to teach me etiquette
has never met me in person
before today.
So in other words,
you are the perfect body double!
‐ No chance!
‐ Wait!
[crying] Please.
I hadn't quite finished.
Just hear me out, I beg you.
‐ [sighs]
‐ The life of a princess
might seem lovely and elegant,
but it's actually
very lonely and miserable.
We're just a tool for arranging
marriages of convenience.
‐ Marriages of convenience, huh?
‐ From the time we are little
until we come of age,
we spend every waking hour
being forced to learn
deportment and etiquette
and the rituals and traditions
of a samurai family,
all so we can be married off
to some lord that we've
never even met before.
From the moment I was born,
I have never had
a shred of freedom.
Oh, what a miserable
and lonely life I've led!
All I'm asking
is for you to help me
enjoy one day of freedom!
Oh, please! I'm begging you!
‐ [crying]
‐ [groans]
SERVANT: Hup! Hup! Hup! Hup!
Hup! Hup! Hup! Hup!
Hup! Hup! Hup! Hup! Hup! Hup...
‐ Hah! Free at last!
‐ [servant continues grunting]
Free from having to deal
with some bothersome old nun
shoving etiquette lessons
down my throat!
‐ Princess, please!
You must not show
your face here.
People will recognize you!
‐ Sorry. I got excited.
‐ So where to, Your Highness?
‐ The harbor!
‐ The harbor? But why?
‐ I heard that a strange
and dangerous creature
keeps showing up there,
and that is something I am
just dying to see in person,
so pick up the pace!
[laugh echoes]
‐ [grumbles]
‐ [high‐pitched]
Very pleased to meet you.
My name is Kin'u,
and I will be your instructor
in etiquette today.
‐ And I am Aiya.
[gasps]
‐ Huh?
‐ Hisui?
‐ [normal] Wait. Setsuna?!
[birds chirping]
HISUI: I see.
Sounds like Princess Aiya's
up to her old tricks again.
‐ I should have known.
To think she actually had me
feeling sympathy for her.
How gullible can I get?
‐ [chuckles] Looks like
being with Towa has changed you.
I never expected to hear you say
you felt sympathy for anyone.
‐ Towa has
nothing to do with it!
So why are you here, anyway?
‐ My older sister
forced me into this.
‐ Your sister?
You mean the equipment maker?
‐ No, no, not Gyokuto,
but Kin'u,
my other older sister.
My sisters are actually twins,
like you.
‐ [purring]
‐ Oh, Hisui!
‐ Hmm?
‐ It's been a while, hasn't it?
How are you?
‐ Oh, hello, Kin'u.
‐ Grooming Kirara, huh?
Well, you're just
as busy as ever, I see.
‐ Oh, not really, no.
Well, a little bit.
Uh, so anyway, Sister,
what brings you
all the way out here?
‐ I had a favor to ask,
but I can see you're busy
with your grooming job and all,
so I probably shouldn't
even bother you with it.
‐ [sighs]
What? What do I have to do?
‐ Really?! You'll do it?!
What a good brother you are!
[laugh echoes]
‐ My sister's being
well paid by His Excellency
to give his daughter
etiquette lessons,
but she's getting me
to do all the actual work
because she's got
"matters to attend to."
‐ What matters?
‐ Nothing actually important,
I bet.
‐ [rooster crows]
‐ [market chatter]
[children cheer, laugh]
HISUI: Knowing my sister,
she's probably out having fun
spending the large advance
she got for the job I'm doing.
‐ Here is
the weapon you ordered.
‐ Thank you for your trouble.
‐ Oh, it's our pleasure,
really.
‐ One more thing.
Tell your Uncle Kohaku
I have a job for him.
‐ Eh?
‐ [sighs] My sister's such
a smooth‐talking manipulator.
She's just like
my father that way.
‐ Your father, Monk Miroku?
‐ Oh, yeah.
My father, my sisters,
even my mother,
frankly, they're
a handful to live with.
‐ [wood clatters]
‐ Someone's coming.
[grinding]
[high‐pitched] Now let's begin
by composing some waka poetry.
‐ You expect me
to write a whole poem?
‐ Indeed. It's all a part
of a princess's education.
Waka poetry is just as important
as the etiquette
of a tea ceremony.
‐ Uh...
‐ So many nuns have tried
and failed to teach
my daughter etiquette,
but I finally have
a good feeling about this one.
Her fee was enormous,
but I'm starting
to think it was worth it.
[laughs]
[both sigh]
‐ [normal] Now that you
have prepared the ink, Princess,
why don't you try
composing that poem?
‐ He's gone now,
so you can drop the charade.
‐ Well, we might as well
finish the job,
since, you know,
I'm already here.
‐ I wouldn't even
know how to begin!
‐ "Good poetry is less
about skill or education
"than what lies
in the poet's heart, people say,
but it is with practice
that one gains proficiency."
‐ [grumbles]
‐ The words
of Fujiwara no Tameie.
Now why don't we have you
read some waka poetry first
to familiarize you
with the form?
‐ I'm back.
Huh?
She's gone.
Setsuna?
Setsuna!
Hey, Setsuna!
‐ What's the matter?
‐ It's Setsuna.
She's disappeared!
‐ Oh, well, perhaps she just
woke up and went out for a walk.
There's no need to worry.
I'm sure she's fine.
‐ Setsuna.
‐ I've read it.
‐ Well done.
‐ Why are we doing this
when we don't have to?
‐ It's good to do
once in a while.
My father and mother
always had this to say,
"Never neglect one's education
and cultural enrichment."
‐ Monk Miroku said that?
‐ Uh‐huh. I know it's
kind of hard to believe,
but he always insisted on me
getting a good education.
I always thought I'd grow up
to be a monk like him,
so I made sure
not to neglect my studies
and did my best to learn.
‐ So why didn't you
follow in his footsteps
and become a Buddhist monk?
‐ Because my sister Kin'u
got there before I did.
Then my other sister Gyokuto
took over my mother's workshop,
so before long, I realized
I had nowhere to go.
I felt as though
I'd lost my path in life.
My uncle was the one who finally
helped me to get back on track.
‐ [shrieks]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [roars]
[warbles]
‐ [gasps]
[panting]
[yelps]
‐ [laughs]
‐ [panting]
‐ [roars]
‐ Hisui!
‐ [gasping]
‐ [chuckles]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [groans]
‐ Hisui, are you all right?
‐ I'm fine, Uncle. Thank you.
‐ Take cover!
‐ [laughs]
[shrieks]
‐ [roars]
‐ [yells]
[winces]
‐ Uncle!
[narrating] My uncle
never thought of giving up.
Even when his face got scarred,
he kept on fighting to save
the villagers from that demon.
Seeing his bravery
sparked something inside me.
That's when I knew I wanted
to be a demon slayer like him.
‐ So that's what happened.
‐ Yeah. And to be honest,
it was good
to get away from my family.
You know, as the youngest of
the siblings, I'm always treated
like the baby of the group
when I'm around them.
[chuckles] Grateful as I am,
family can be a real pain.
‐ Is that so?
I don't really know what
it's like to have a family.
It's a foreign concept to me.
‐ [panting]
‐ Someone's coming again.
‐ Help us!
A demon has captured
the princess!
BOTH: Wait! What?!
‐ Setsuna!
Where are you, Setsuna?!
[panting]
Oh, man.
Where's Moroha
when you need her?
Did she really have
to go bounty hunting now?
ALL: Run for it! Run!
It's Moroha the Demon Killer!
‐ Hey, hold on! Come back!
[panting]
Just when I finally got
my debt down to one ryou.
What the hell is going on here?
HISUI: Unbelievable.
She goes off to see a demon
and ends up
getting caught by it.
That princess is nothing
but trouble for everybody.
‐ All right, let's move.
‐ No.
Keep on playing the princess
in case someone looks in on us.
One dummy might deceive them,
but not two.
‐ But I‐‐
‐ You have my word.
I will bring Princess Aiya
safely back here.
Don't worry.
You can count on me,
Princess Setsuna.
‐ [screams]
‐ [roars]
ALL: Oh! Princess Aiya!
‐ Don't just stand there
shouting my name!
What good is that?!
Do something
before I get eaten!
[screams] Save me!
Save me!
‐ We're on it, Princess!
One of us has gone for help!
‐ Well, tell him to hurry up!
Agh! Before I‐‐
[groans]
ALL: Princess Aiya!
‐ [wails]
‐ [gasps]
You're that demon slayer.
Well, hurry up! Do your job
and save me! [groans]
‐ Huh?
[Takonyudo groans]
[roars]
‐ Hiraikotsu!
‐ [yelps]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Kirara!
‐ [Kirara roars]
‐ Hey! Where do you
think you're going?!
Get back here
and save me this instant!
‐ That's an order! Whoa!
‐ [growls]
‐ [gurgles]
[gasps] Stupid octopus demon!
Do you have any idea
who you're dealing wi‐‐
[groans]
[dizzy] I'm going
to have you put in a pot
and make a big bowl
of octopus soup out of you.
ALL: Princess Aiya!
‐ [yelps]
‐ Don't move, Princess!
You're making it harder
for me to get a clean shot!
‐ Excuse me, but does it
really look to you
like I have any control
over the situation?! Come on!
‐ Kirara, get behind it!
‐ Hiraikotsu! Whaah!
‐ [yelps]
‐ [Takonyudo groans]
‐ Hello?
You got the wrong tentacle!
I'm in this tentacle,
right here!
‐ This is a problem.
Eh?
[Takonyudo groans]
[wails]
‐ Wait. Kin'u?!
‐ [groans]
[coughing]
‐ Hmm.
Looks like this batch
turned out very nicely.
‐ Huh? You're here too, Gyokuto?
‐ Hi, Hisui!
We'll keep Mr. Octopus
busy for you...
‐ While you save that princess
or at least try to!
[laughs]
‐ Kin'u, this is
no laughing matter!
‐ [Aiya yelling]
‐ [Takonyudo growling]
‐ Hiraikotsu!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Wow! This is amazing!
Come swooping in
like that again!
‐ Please, Princess, try
to keep as still as possible,
or I won't be able
to get a clean shot.
‐ I'm sorry,
but it's not every day
I get to see a battle up close,
let alone be a part of it!
It's just all so very exciting!
So come on! Do that
swoopy, shouty thing again
and really
let this demon have it!
‐ [groaning]
‐ That's right, Hisui!
The princess told you
to go for it, so go for it!
‐ Yeah, slowpoke,
we haven't got all day!
Hurry up and get it over with!
‐ [coughs] Damn you!
‐ More! More! I love it!
[Takonyudo groans]
‐ He's got to have
a weak spot somewhere!
‐ [gurgles]
‐ That must be it!
Now! Hiraikotsu!
‐ [groans]
‐ Amazing! You really
nailed him that time!
‐ [gurgling]
‐ Oh, this is truly spectacular!
[laughs]
[gasps]
[screams]
[winces]
Uh...
[gasps]
‐ You're not hurt now, are you?
‐ [gasps]
Uh, n‐no, I'm, uh...
I'm fine, thank you.
‐ Honestly, all this trouble
just because you
didn't want to stay home
and do your etiquette lesson.
‐ Wait. How did
you know about that?
‐ Because I was supposed to be
your etiquette instructor,
‐ that's how.
‐ What?
But I thought a nun was
going to teach me, not a monk.
‐ Princess,
don't let him fool you.
My brother would make
a very excellent nun.
‐ Yeah, and a cute one too,
because he has our looks.
‐ Cut it out!
ALL: Princess!
We're so glad you're safe!
‐ Now then, isn't it about time
they took you home, Princess?
‐ I suppose,
but I don't wanna go back
in that thing.
‐ Huh?
‐ Eh?
‐ Come on. Do I have
to spell it out for you?
I‐I want to...
go back with you.
[both snicker]
‐ But why?
‐ You heard the princess.
She chose you personally.
‐ Yeah, she wants to get on
there with you and take a ride.
[both giggle]
‐ Oh, I get it.
You want to see what it's like
to ride on Kirara.
Sure thing.
‐ No, that wasn't‐‐
[groans] Oh, never mind.
‐ Okay, now hold on tight.
‐ 'Kay! [giggles]
‐ Okay, you two. See you later.
‐ Our baby brother
sure has grown up, hasn't he?
‐ Right before our very eyes.
[both giggle]
‐ Now, on top
of my tutoring fees,
I'll get a reward
for slaying that demon!
‐ Hup! Hup! Hup! Hup...
‐ [laughter echoing]
‐ Oh, come to think of it,
I never found out what it was
that was so important
that my sister forced me
to take her place
as your instructor.
Forgot to ask her about that.
‐ This is unbelievable!
We're actually flying!
‐ [laughing]
‐ Princess, please.
I told you to stay still.
You don't want to fall again.
‐ How can I fall when I'm
holding on to you so tightly,
just like you said I should?
‐ Let's not keep
the other princess waiting.
Now, shall we?
‐ [laughing]
[insects chirping]
Where did that girl go?
Did she leave?
[gasps]
F‐Father?!
‐ What am I going
to do with you, Aiya?
‐ [yelps] So I guess
you found out?
‐ You are going to get
such a lecture from me today!
‐ [winces]
[crying]
Forgive me, Father!
‐ So he found out, huh?
‐ He did shortly after you left.
‐ Well, I doubt she'll ever be
the daughter he's looking for.
That poor man. [laughs]
‐ [grunting]
‐ [panting]
‐ [bamboo clatters]
‐ Now you will finally
be able to sleep once again.
However, there is
no time for that.
‐ Tell me,
how can I break the curse?
‐ That is up to you.
‐ I know that training alone
won't teach me
how to sever
the threads of fate,
but what else can I do?
‐ [panting]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Setsuna!
I finally found you!
Thank goodness.
‐ Hey, hey! What do you think
you're doing?! Cut that out!
‐ You're kidding! I've been
looking everywhere for you!
When I left,
you were fast asleep,
and when I got back,
you were gone!
‐ A lot happened today.
‐ Like what?
‐ [sighs]
Nothing good
comes from sleeping.
‐ Huh?
‐ Never mind.
‐ Wait. Setsuna,
what's the matter?
‐ Hey, wait up!
[insects chirping]
[playing violin]
[Japanese music playing]
MOROHA: Surprise!
This Moroha the Demon Killer
you guys are talking about
is none other than me!
Hey! Wait! Wait!
Don't run away!
Aw, damn it! So that's
why business is slow.
It's because of my parents!
What? You want to hire me?
Really?
Next time on Yashahime,
"Takechiyo's Request."
You're telling me
you're the young lord
of the Mamidaira clan?!